Ok the plot of the game is you are a person who has just lost your job to ai and youre going to destroy the datacenters. its going to be a plague inc like game where you essentially do stuff and gain traction and make choices which will cause the story to branch and give you different options. I think we will have a world with x number of datacenters (will need to find out roughly how many each large company has) maybe we will just do the us? maybe the other coutnries idk too much scope creep. were going to mention a ton of current events like using dji to buy drones maybe you can get a partner ship with them or something. the goal is that its a plague inc like game though so you start off with like having to go to the store and like get some stuff to make a bomb or something and then you make it and then like load it into a tacoma or something and park it near a datacenter and blow it up or you can publish a book on how bad the datacenters are or something and that gives you access yo like revolutionaries the goal is to destory all the datacenters. this is a webapp game though so itll have to be kinda simple. we can build it in a mapbox map becuase thats probably best for interactivity and for now we can just do the continental us and like pop up a bunch of data centers and make up compute numbers for them. at a certain point the waymos will start retaliating or something.

the different components we can have are like weapons and each weapon deals some sort of damage and its from like molotov to unconventional things like drones with bombs on them. each of these will have an associated icon. different datacenters will be listed as points on a map we can use sqllite to store their coordniate locations. you can click on one to see its stats ie how much electricity it uses and how much damage its going to take to destory it.

one of the weapons is like a revolutionary or something funny like a programmer that lost their job to ai and you can send them to the datacenters too. there will also be event cards.
the player needs some sort of health though so we will need to brainstorm that like some way that they can lose as well and obv they win if they can destroy all the datacenters
maybe its just that like once you start destroying them like similar to plague inc they try to develop agi or something so itll just be like time to agi and if that comes you lose that sounds good so theres just datacenters an arsenal of weapons a bunch of events that can happen/trigger at different stages that have effects on stats ie make all datacenter health go up your recolutionaries deal more damage increase/decrease agi progress idk. destroying datacenters decreases agi progress the posibilities are endless but we need a spec sheet for the project datastructure given this information.